# The Most Frustrating Thing About Being a Cloud Native Developer

Being a cloud native application developer requires access to cloud resources. I have been a cloud native developer, building applications in the AWS eco system. To be an effective cloud native developer, they need access to the cloud environment. In every company I've worked so far, I first only get a read only access. Read only access is not enough for a cloud native developer. We do not need root access or full admin access. We just need more comprehensive access to the resources we use, like lambda, SQS, and so on. The fact is that not many company has a well-defined cloud native developer role. Infra people think application developers shouldn't have access to AWS. Then, I need to escalate my access to senior manager who has no idea about development. I get refused first but I keep complaining and eventually get an admin access because they don't really know what I need. Then, every time someone from an infra team finds out that I have an admin access, they complain and tell me that I should never have admin access. WTF?

It's the process happened to me 3 times in different companies. I am not just a web developer who works on a single application code base. I work with AWS environment. I don't think many infra people realise that it requires to be a cloud native developer. It is a new way of developing an application. Infrastructure and application are not clearly separated lik the good old days. Cloud native developer has to know about the cloud infrastructure and being able to update as part of our development. I am not sure if this mindset ever changes. 

In my opinion, access to the cloud environment is the most frustrating thing about being a cloud native developer.
